Distributed tracing 2.9 (#62410)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-tempo-remove-cli.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//* distr_tracing_install/dist-tracing-tempo-removing.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="distr-tracing-removing-tempo-instance-cli_{context}"]
= Removing a TempoStack instance by using the CLI

You can remove a TempoStack instance on the command line.

.Prerequisites

* An active OpenShift CLI (`oc`) session by a cluster administrator with the `cluster-admin` role.
+
[TIP]
====
* Ensure that your OpenShift CLI (`oc`) version is up to date and matches your {product-title} version.

* Run `oc login`:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login --username=<your_username>
----
====

.Procedure

> . Get the name of the TempoStack instance:

Reviewer: CLI step needs `by running the following command:`

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get deployments -n <openshift_project_of_tempostack_instance>
----

> . Remove the TempoStack instance:

Reviewer: CLI step needs `by running the following command:`

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete tempo <tempostack_instance_name> -n <openshift_project_of_tempostack_instance>
----

. Optional: Remove the {TempoOperator}.

.Verification

> . To verify successful removal of the TempoStack instance, run `oc get deployments` again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To verify successful removal of the TempoStack instance, run the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get deployments -n <openshift_project_of_tempostack_instance>

> ----

Reviewer: Guessing the verification is that the deleted `<tempostack_instance_name>` no longer appears. Sometimes people put the expected confirmatory outcome after the step, but if you think your readers won't need that, it's fine to omit.
